some
some 13 to the chief musician a psalm of
13 to the chief musician a psalm of
13 to the chief musician a psalm of David how long O Lord will you forget me
David how long O Lord will you forget me
David how long O Lord will you forget me forever how long will you hide your face
forever how long will you hide your face
forever how long will you hide your face from me how long shall I take counsel in
from me how long shall I take counsel in
from me how long shall I take counsel in my soul having sorrow in my heart daily
my soul having sorrow in my heart daily
my soul having sorrow in my heart daily how long will my enemy be exalted over
how long will my enemy be exalted over
how long will my enemy be exalted over me consider and hear me O Lord my god
me consider and hear me O Lord my god
me consider and hear me O Lord my god enlighten my eyes lest I sleep the sleep
enlighten my eyes lest I sleep the sleep
enlighten my eyes lest I sleep the sleep of death lest my enemies say I have
of death lest my enemies say I have
of death lest my enemies say I have prevailed against him lest those who
prevailed against him lest those who
prevailed against him lest those who trouble me rejoice when I am moved but I
trouble me rejoice when I am moved but I
trouble me rejoice when I am moved but I have trusted in your mercy my heart
have trusted in your mercy my heart
have trusted in your mercy my heart shall rejoice in your salvation I will
shall rejoice in your salvation I will
shall rejoice in your salvation I will sing to the Lord because he has dealt
sing to the Lord because he has dealt
sing to the Lord because he has dealt bountifully with me
bountifully with me
bountifully with me you